# hammurabi

The reference/educational implementation of the Decentraland protocol.

This implementation uses the [babylon.js](htttps://babylonjs.org) framework and runs entirely on web browsers.

This project's goals are to:
- document current and future protocol standards
- experiment with changes to the protocol
- guide new contributors into how Decentraland works
- enable easy prototyping of new features

This repository is the companion material for the implementation guide (still work in progress, check out this [design doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CLjcr3AU-fm-vfjV41kogTmNZc9JgQufwmh2b2y_AT8/edit) and [ongoing documentation of the protocol](https://github.com/decentraland/documentation/pulls?q=label%3Aprotocol)).

**Status: Proof of Concept, does not run**

# Commit Guide

- This commit sets up the tooling to build the project. It uses Typescript as language, `esbuild` to compile and build the project, `npm` for package management, `jest` for tests, and GitHub actions for continuous integrattion.

# Building and Running

1. Clone the repo using `git clone https://github.com/decentraland/hammurabi`
2. `cd hammurabi` to move into the repo
3. `make watch` to start the development web server
4. Open `https://localhost:7081`

Additionally, `make build` builds the project into the `./static` folder, and `make test` executes all tests.

## Testing

- `make test` executes all the tests
- `make test-watch` executes all the tests and watches for file changes to run the tests again
- `make test-watch TESTARGS='test/file.spec.ts'` runs the tests of `test/file.spec.ts`

## Testing realm

This repository includes a "testing realm". It is a set of scenes compiled and served statically as a regular realm. The file structure is generated by running the `sdk-commands export-static` command of the Decentraland SDK.

Since it uses the SDK out of the box, it is also possible to run the scenes in the embedded official Decentraland Explorer for compliance testing. You can do that by running `make sdk-watch`, it will first build the scenes and then launch a web server to use the explorer. It is important to notice that the babylon exlorer does not work with the "sdk-watch" mode yet, it only works with static the files generated by `make build-testing-realm`